moreover the word the Lord came to me
now son of man will you judge will you
judge the bloody City yes show her all
her abominations then say thus says the
Lord God the city sheds blood in her own
midst that her time may come and she
makes idols within herself to defile
herself you have become guilty by the
blood which you have shed and have
defiled yourselves with the idols which
you have made you have caused your days
to draw near and have come to the end of
your years therefore I have made you a
reproach to the nation's and a mockery
to all countries those near and those
far from you will mock you as infamous
and full of tumult look the princes of
Israel each one has used his power to
shed blood in you in you they have made
light of father and mother in your midst
they have oppressed the stranger in you
they have mistreated the fatherless and
the widow you have despised my holy
things and profaned my Sabbath's in you
are men who slander to cause bloodshed
in you are those who eat on the
mountains in your midst they commit
lewdness in you men uncover their
fathers nakedness in you they violate
women who are set apart during their
impurity one commits abomination with
his neighbor's wife
another lewdly defiles his
daughter-in-law and another in you
violates his sister his father's door
in you they take bribes to shed blood
you take usury and increase you have
made profit from your neighbors by
extortion and have forgotten me behold
therefore I beat my fists at the
dishonest profit which you have made and
of the bloodshed which has been in your
midst can your heart endure or can your
hands remain strong in the days when I
shall deal with you I the LORD have
spoken and will do it I will scatter you
among the nations disperse you
throughout the countries and remove your
filthiness completely from you shall
defile yourself in the sight of the
Nathans then you shall know that I am
the Lord the word of the Lord came to me
saying son of man the house of Israel
has become dross to me they are all
bronze ten iron and LED in the midst of
a furnace they have become dross from
silver therefore thus says the Lord God
because you have all become dross
therefore behold I will gather you into
the midst of Jerusalem as men gather
silver bronze iron LED and ten into the
midst of a furnace to blow fire on it to
melt it so I will gather you in my anger
and in my fury and I will leave you
there and melt you yes I will gather you
and blow on you with the fire of my
wrath and you shall be melted in its
midst as silver is melted in the midst
of a furnace so shall you be melted in
its midst then you shall know that I the
LORD have poured out my fury
you and the word of the Lord came to me
saying son of man saved - ha you are a
land that is not cleansed or rained on
in the day of indignation the conspiracy
of her prophets in her midst is like a
roaring lion tearing the prey they have
devoured people they have taken treasure
and precious things they have made many
widows in her midst her priests have
violated my law and profaned my holy
things they have not distinguished
between the holy and unholy nor have
they made known the difference between
the unclean and the clean and they have
hidden their eyes from my Sabbath's so
that I am profaned among them her
Prince's in her midst are like wolves
tearing the prey to shed blood to
destroy people and to get dishonest gain
her prophets plastered them with
untempered mortar seeing false visions
and divining lies for them saying thus
says the Lord God when the Lord had not
spoken the people of the land have used
oppressions committed robbery and
mistreated the poor and needy and they
wrongfully oppressed the stranger so I
sought for a man among them who would
make a war and stand in the gap before
me on behalf of the land that I should
not destroy it but I found no one
therefore I have poured out my
indignation on them I have consumed them
with the fire of my wrath and I have
recompense their deeds on their own
heads says the Lord God
[Music]